Sometimes you have to go to the top.
The good old if you can do it for me I will go talk to your boss.
Now the way I see a data scientist in an organization is like a doctor who walks around finds problems
and efficiencies and fixes them.
And sometimes you can see him as a magician because he can save a company a million dollars out of thin
air.
Well things that Siddarth scientists do the projects that we are involved in often have to be very agile
and quick.
And whether you like it or not inevitably you will come across people who consciously or unconsciously
will be putting roadblocks in your way and you got to deal with it somehow.
And if you can't deal with it with the person directly then my personal approach and once again this
will work for everybody.
But the way I deal with things is I don't hesitate to go to the person's manager.
I don't hesitate to go to the person's manager's manager.
I don't hesitate to go to the General Executive for this department and I don't even hesitate to go
to the CEO.
In fact in all my previous roles.
I was constantly one.
Well one of the most frequent visitors in the CEO's office was just chatting to him on a monthly basis
just making sure that my projects have priority and they are getting traction with the business because
you will find people who are slow who are slow to adapt to this changing environment that doright is
driving everything in this day and age.
And you got to work on that how.
Now having said that I did get a bit of feedback saying that I rubbed quite a lot of people the wrong
way and made quite a few enemies along the way.
But that's the reality of life.
The important thing is that I got the job done.
I delivered value for the business and everything else doesn't matter.
At the end of the day it's about how much value delivered to the business and personally.
That's my philosophy about my work that I believe that the work over Dallasites is way more important
than other people perceive it to be.
And unless you can win them over and help and make them into allies then you have to go around them
and still get the job done.
Once again this will be dependent on the set up in your company so maybe you have a large data size
team where you have some predefined functions that you have to fulfill and you don't have that level
of autonomy where you walk around business and you decide the work that you do and what projects you
want to focus on.
In that case maybe this approach will work but if you do have that level of autonomy and you do need
to get the job done well that's that's the way I do it.
And you can you can make your conclusions from that and see what will work best for you.